# 架设分布式机器学习

## [Setting up machines](https://pmls.readthedocs.io/en/latest/k-means.html)

Put the desired machine IP addresses in the Parameter Server machine file. See this page for more information: [Configuration Files for PMLS apps](https://pmls.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configuration.html).

## Common Parameters

In `script/launch.py.template' and`script/run_local.py.template`:

- host_filename = **Parameter Server machine file.** Contains a list of the ip addresses and port numbers for machines in the cluster.
- train_file = Name of the training file present under the dataset folder. It is assumed the entire file is present on a shared file system.
- total_num_of_training_samples = Number of data points that need to be considered.
- num_epochs = Number of mini batch Iterations.
- mini_batch_size = Size of the mini batch.
- num_centers = The number of cluster centers.
- dimensionality = The number of dimensions in each vector.
- num_app_threads = The number of application threads to run minibatch iterations in parallel.
- load_clusters_from_disk = true/talse indicating whether to do initialization of centers from external source. If set False, a random initialization is performed.
- cluster_centers_input_location = Location to the file containing the cluster centers. This file is read if the above argument is set to true.
- output_dir = The directory location where the cluster centers information is written after optimization. The assignments for the data points is written in the assignments sub-directory of the same folder.